---
layout: post
title: Another Week in Paradise
---
At the beginning of the week I presented my first project during our annual team Skype call. It was well received and with some input and guidance from the rest of team we are moving forward with our marketing launch plans. Shortly after, our redesigned and rebranded app was released for the app store and I have been making preparations to help attract early adopters for the app. Some of these efforts include testing both Facebook and Twitter as advertising platforms directed towards the specific college related demographics that are important to the long-term vision of our brand. So far in regards to testing, Facebook has shown low metrics, especially in CTR, and once the campaign is complete it will be interesting to find out ways to improve these in the future.

Work is still relaxed and casual with every member on the team being supportive and helpful. Unlike other jobs I have had in the past, my opinions and insights are valued and I am allowed to move forward with the majority of my proposed initiatives with total autonomy. I understand why others may not appreciate the lack of structure at the workplace but I feel that a work culture that fosters my creativity and personal drive is going to be a better fit for me. Along with this, while were visiting SendHub this Friday a quote resonated with me which was, “There is no loyalty in the Silicon Valley”. Much of prior job experience highly valued the concept of loyalty with employees staying decades with their respective companies. The main idea that I have learned about the Silicon Valley is that there is an omnificent fear of stagnation. Everyone has a personal drive that pushes them towards learning the latest technologies and keeping up with the news. One of the main ways, however, to really prevent stagnation is to accept opportunities to expand your perspectives and these are some of the reasons that I think fuels such high turnover rates in the Valley.

While professionally this was a great week for me I also had a great time experiencing the City and countryside with my new friends. One of these experiences included a networking event that unfortunately — well for me at least the next morning– had an open bar. Such a relaxed and young culture where thinking and behaving differently is a new concept to me that I am fully embracing. Along with developing a drinking habit, I also got to experience amazing views, one at Buena Vista Park and another traveling out to Napa Valley.

One of my favorite parks so far in San Francisco has to be Buena Vista Park. It is essentially a giant wooded hill in the middle of the city. Once you take the effort to climb up the slope you will experience some of the greatest views in the entire City. The sight overlooks the entirety of Northern part of the City along with the Bay, and on a clear day you can see both the Golden Gate Bridge and the Oakland Bridge. Climbing to the top of the hill and then cracking a Lagunitas open with a friend is one of the most satisfying feelings I have ever had.

Finally, my week ended on a high note when we traveled out to experience California’s Wine Country. We visited the Jacuzzi Winery where we were given 5 free tastings of any house wine, after which I settled for two generous glasses of Champagne. As we were coming home I remember watching the sun set over the hills of San Francisco and as the sky turned shades of orange and pink I remember thinking to myself that I can’t wait for what next week has in store for me.